examples/simple-storage-integration/README.md, before:

# Simple Storage Integration

## Pre-requisites

On the AWS account create a bucket for the storage integration and the role that can access this bucket
For this you can follow Snowflake instructions on: 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-s3-config-storage-integration.html
Please note that creating the storage integration on Snowflake manually,
is required only once per account in order to have the following parameters:
STORAGE_AWS_IAM_USER_ARN =	arn:aws:iam::...
STORAGE_AWS_EXTERNAL_ID	= ...
If you already created a Storage Integration once, you can describe it in order to capture these values:
DESC INTEGRATION <your storage integration name>;

## Usage

To run this example you need to execute:

```bash
$ terraform init
$ terraform plan
$ terraform apply
```

 Run `terraform destroy` when you don't need the user.

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.13.1 |
| <a name="requirement_snowflake"></a> [snowflake](#requirement\_snowflake) | >=0.31.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_snowflake"></a> [snowflake](#provider\_snowflake) | >=0.31.0 |
| <a name="provider_time"></a> [time](#provider\_time) | n/a |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [snowflake_integration_grant.storage_integration_grant](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/chanzuckerberg/snowflake/latest/docs/resources/integration_grant) | resource |
| [snowflake_storage_integration.storage_integration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/chanzuckerberg/snowflake/latest/docs/resources/storage_integration) | resource |
| [time_sleep.wait_until_integration_is_ready](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/time/latest/docs/resources/sleep) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_comment"></a> [comment](#input\_comment) | Specifies a comment for the storage integration. | `string` | `"Created by Terraform."` | no |
| <a name="input_enabled"></a> [enabled](#input\_enabled) | Enable by default. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_privilege"></a> [privilege](#input\_privilege) | The privilege to grant on the integration. | `string` | `"USAGE"` | no |
| <a name="input_roles"></a> [roles](#input\_roles) | Grants privilege to these roles. | `set(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_seconds_to_wait_before_integration_is_ready"></a> [seconds\_to\_wait\_before\_integration\_is\_ready](#input\_seconds\_to\_wait\_before\_integration\_is\_ready) | n/a | `string` | `"10s"` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_allowed_locations"></a> [storage\_allowed\_locations](#input\_storage\_allowed\_locations) | Storage integration allowed buckets. | `set(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_aws_role_arn"></a> [storage\_aws\_role\_arn](#input\_storage\_aws\_role\_arn) | The AWS storage integration role. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_integration_name"></a> [storage\_integration\_name](#input\_storage\_integration\_name) | Name for the storage integration. Integration name must be unique for the account. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_storage_provider"></a> [storage\_provider](#input\_storage\_provider) | The provider for the storage integration. | `string` | `"S3"` | no |
| <a name="input_type"></a> [type](#input\_type) | Type of the storage integration. | `string` | `"EXTERNAL_STAGE"` | no |
| <a name="input_with_grant_option"></a> [with\_grant\_option](#input\_with\_grant\_option) | When this is set to true, allows the recipient role to grant the privileges to other roles. | `bool` | `false` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_comment"></a> [comment](#output\_comment) | The comment for the Storage integration. |
| <a name="output_enabled"></a> [enabled](#output\_enabled) | The enable status for the Storage integration. |
| <a name="output_privilege"></a> [privilege](#output\_privilege) | The privilege to grant on the integration. |
| <a name="output_roles"></a> [roles](#output\_roles) | Grants privilege to these roles. |
| <a name="output_storage_allowed_locations"></a> [storage\_allowed\_locations](#output\_storage\_allowed\_locations) | Storage integration allowed buckets. |
| <a name="output_storage_aws_role_arn"></a> [storage\_aws\_role\_arn](#output\_storage\_aws\_role\_arn) | The Snowflake user that will attempt to assume the AWS role. |
| <a name="output_storage_id"></a> [storage\_id](#output\_storage\_id) | The Storage integration ID. |
| <a name="output_storage_integration_name"></a> [storage\_integration\_name](#output\_storage\_integration\_name) | The Storage integration name. |
| <a name="output_storage_provider"></a> [storage\_provider](#output\_storage\_provider) | The Storage integration provider. |
| <a name="output_type"></a> [type](#output\_type) | The type of the Storage integration. |
| <a name="output_with_grant_option"></a> [with\_grant\_option](#output\_with\_grant\_option) | When this is set to true, allows the recipient role to grant the privileges to other roles. |

<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

You can test the creation with the following snowflake command:
SHOW INTEGRATIONS;

Commit message:

update documentation and example values

examples/simple-storage-integration/README.md, after:

# Simple Storage Integration

## Pre-requisites

On the AWS account create a bucket for the storage integration and the role that can access this bucket
For this you can follow Snowflake instructions on: 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-s3-config-storage-integration.html

After applying the terraform, note the 2 following params:
STORAGE_AWS_IAM_USER_ARN =	arn:aws:iam::...
STORAGE_AWS_EXTERNAL_ID	= ...

You can also get them by the snowflake command
DESC INTEGRATION <your storage integration name>;

Go and update the Trust relationship on your AWS role
(details can be found on https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-s3-config-storage-integration.html)

## Usage

To run this example you need to execute:

```bash
$ terraform init
$ terraform plan
$ terraform apply
```

 Run `terraform destroy` when you don't need the user.

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.13.1 |
| <a name="requirement_snowflake"></a> [snowflake](#requirement\_snowflake) | >=0.31.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_snowflake"></a> [snowflake](#provider\_snowflake) | >=0.31.0 |
| <a name="provider_time"></a> [time](#provider\_time) | n/a |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [snowflake_integration_grant.storage_integration_grant](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/chanzuckerberg/snowflake/latest/docs/resources/integration_grant) | resource |
| [snowflake_storage_integration.storage_integration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/chanzuckerberg/snowflake/latest/docs/resources/storage_integration) | resource |
| [time_sleep.wait_until_integration_is_ready](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/time/latest/docs/resources/sleep) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_comment"></a> [comment](#input\_comment) | Specifies a comment for the storage integration. | `string` | `"Created by Terraform."` | no |
| <a name="input_enabled"></a> [enabled](#input\_enabled) | Enable by default. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_privilege"></a> [privilege](#input\_privilege) | The privilege to grant on the integration. | `string` | `"USAGE"` | no |
| <a name="input_roles"></a> [roles](#input\_roles) | Grants privilege to these roles. | `set(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_seconds_to_wait_before_integration_is_ready"></a> [seconds\_to\_wait\_before\_integration\_is\_ready](#input\_seconds\_to\_wait\_before\_integration\_is\_ready) | n/a | `string` | `"10s"` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_allowed_locations"></a> [storage\_allowed\_locations](#input\_storage\_allowed\_locations) | Storage integration allowed buckets. | `set(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_aws_role_arn"></a> [storage\_aws\_role\_arn](#input\_storage\_aws\_role\_arn) | The AWS storage integration role. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_integration_name"></a> [storage\_integration\_name](#input\_storage\_integration\_name) | Name for the storage integration. Integration name must be unique for the account. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_storage_provider"></a> [storage\_provider](#input\_storage\_provider) | The provider for the storage integration. | `string` | `"S3"` | no |
| <a name="input_type"></a> [type](#input\_type) | Type of the storage integration. | `string` | `"EXTERNAL_STAGE"` | no |
| <a name="input_with_grant_option"></a> [with\_grant\_option](#input\_with\_grant\_option) | When this is set to true, allows the recipient role to grant the privileges to other roles. | `bool` | `false` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_comment"></a> [comment](#output\_comment) | The comment for the Storage integration. |
| <a name="output_enabled"></a> [enabled](#output\_enabled) | The enable status for the Storage integration. |
| <a name="output_privilege"></a> [privilege](#output\_privilege) | The privilege to grant on the integration. |
| <a name="output_roles"></a> [roles](#output\_roles) | Grants privilege to these roles. |
| <a name="output_storage_allowed_locations"></a> [storage\_allowed\_locations](#output\_storage\_allowed\_locations) | Storage integration allowed buckets. |
| <a name="output_storage_aws_role_arn"></a> [storage\_aws\_role\_arn](#output\_storage\_aws\_role\_arn) | The Snowflake user that will attempt to assume the AWS role. |
| <a name="output_storage_id"></a> [storage\_id](#output\_storage\_id) | The Storage integration ID. |
| <a name="output_storage_integration_name"></a> [storage\_integration\_name](#output\_storage\_integration\_name) | The Storage integration name. |
| <a name="output_storage_provider"></a> [storage\_provider](#output\_storage\_provider) | The Storage integration provider. |
| <a name="output_type"></a> [type](#output\_type) | The type of the Storage integration. |
| <a name="output_with_grant_option"></a> [with\_grant\_option](#output\_with\_grant\_option) | When this is set to true, allows the recipient role to grant the privileges to other roles. |

<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

You can test the creation with the following snowflake command:
SHOW INTEGRATIONS;
